Here is the corrected version with the spelling and grammatical mistakes fixed for better clarity:

There are many changes that the client wants:

    Change the word "outstanding" to "remaining" everywhere in accounts, etc.

    Add a print ledger option on Supplier / Expense Ledger.

    Add 3 more options in Ziarats in the package calculator: Badr Ziarat (with Makkah Ziarats), Taif Ziarats (with Madinah Ziarats), and Walking Ziarats (Free of cost). There should also be price fields in the settings of Taif and Badr Ziarats just like Makkah and Madinah Ziarats.

    When we copy the WhatsApp format of bookings on the booking calculator, the WhatsApp message does not include hotel distance with the hotel name. Also, include hotel location (add this new optional field in hotel settings).

    Change the design of the invoice that is being generated by the package calculator to be just like custom invoices.

    In the generated package calculator invoice, change the word "invoice" to "custom invoice".

    In the Flight & Transport section on the package calculator, right now, there is Departure (Pak) -> Arrival (Saudi Arabia) -> Return Arrival (Pak). Make it Departure (Pak) -> Arrival (Saudi Arabia) -> Departure (Saudi Arabia) -> Return Arrival (Pak). Also, add options in settings to add cities in it if there is not any option right now.

    On the bookings page, we have to delete each booking manually, so give a "select bookings" option, a "delete selected" option, and a "select all" option too.

    In the package calculator, right now, hotels are required, meaning if the client doesn't want any hotel, then there is no option to disable that. So, give "Include Makkah Hotel" and "Include Madinah Hotel" options as checkboxes, checked by default.

    On the package calculator, when we click on the save and download button, it only saves the invoice and downloads it, but does not create that booking. Make it also create a booking for that, and after doing this, it should show a message that the booking was created, and the invoice was saved and downloaded.

    Fix the selling profit override issue. For example, right now the package is showing a total of 578,997 Rs and our profit in that is 42,889 Rs. Now if I override it to 500,000 Rs, then it is showing profit as -36,108 Rs whereas it should show as 6,781 Rs as the amount will be deducted from profit. (If there is any confusion in this or I am wrong, then skip this and tell me the details).

    On the package calculator, there is a customer name text field. Make it a dropdown, and it will fetch customers from settings just like custom invoices. Also, add a "new customer" button that will open a popup for name, address, and contact number, and it will be saved in settings too.

    In custom invoices, make the payment method a dropdown and it will fetch from settings.

    In the service name field in custom invoices, make it a dropdown, and it will fetch services from settings. Also, add a "new service" button that will open a popup for the service name, and it will be saved in settings too.

    When we make a custom invoice and save it, its amount, customer, and booking are not showing in the dashboard, meaning it is not being counted. Make it count too. Also, add an option to edit custom bookings and update them.

    There is a field named VISA NUMBER in the hotel voucher. Make it enabled or disabled with a checkbox. Also, if it is disabled, then its table column should also be removed from the invoice. By default, it is on.

    Add a hotel contact number in hotel settings, and it should automatically be put on the hotel voucher's hotel contact fields according to which hotel is selected.

    We have hotels saved in settings, but in the hotel voucher fields, there is still a text field to write hotels every time. Make it a dropdown to select hotels, and it should show the hotel name and its distance in front. Also, add a "new hotel" button that will open a popup for Hotel name, distance, hotel contact number, and rates, and it will be saved in settings too.

    Include a new room type named (Room).

    Right now, room type is a text field. Make it a dropdown including (Room, Double, Triple, Quad).

    In the accommodation details in the hotel voucher, make the nights calculator automatic. The user should only have to put the check-in date and number of nights. Add a new field called checkout date, which will be automatically calculated by calculating the number of nights and check-in date.

    Add new items in the hotel voucher (Makkah Transport Contact, Madinah Transport Contact, and Jeddah Transport Contact). Make text fields for these and place them below the hotel contact details in the hotel voucher PDF. These will not show in the hotel voucher PDF if their text fields are empty.

    In the hotel voucher, move (Amere Taiba International) to the horizontal center of the page.

    In the Umrah poster, we have to put hotels manually; make the Hotel name a dropdown. Also, add fields like airline, number of passengers, etc., like the package calculator in it to automatically calculate the prices of packages (sharing, quad, etc.). These extra fields won't appear in the poster image; they are just for calculations.

    On the iPhone view only, the city name in the Umrah poster is a bit down and overlapping on the word "Umrah package." Make it a bit up. A screenshot is attached with the prompt, and this issue is only on iPhone, not on Android or desktop.